add docs/scripting/functions.md (#210)
HatchGameEngine/HatchGameEngine: docs/main/manual/scripting/functions.md

> @page functions Functions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
@page hsl_functions Functions
```

Also add the following to `scripting.md`:
```md
- @subpage hsl_functions
```

**Functions** are blocks of code that execute a set of pre-defined tasks that can be ran at any point in code execution.

## Declaring a function

A function can be declared by using the `event` statement followed by a name and its arguments. Similar to variables, arguments can store any value, including other functions.

```java
// This function has 2 arguments that get multiplied, the result is then printed to the screen.
event multiplyAndPrint(a, b) {
	print(a * b);
}
```

> Functions can then be called from anywhere as long as it is in same scope by "calling" the name & required arguments of the function, calling a function will execute any code stored inside of it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Functions can then be called from anywhere as long as it is in same scope by writing the name and required arguments of the function. Calling a function will execute any code stored inside of it.
```

```java
multiplyAndPrint(4, 2);
```

```
INFO: 8
```

> As mentioned in @subpage variables, functions are types that you can set a variables as. You can do so by setting the variable as the function's name, omitting the arguments.

Reviewer: This is going to break the sidebar, so write this instead:
```suggestion
As mentioned in [Variables](@ref variables), functions are types that you can set a variables as. You can do so by setting the variable as the function's name, omitting the arguments.
```

> As mentioned in @subpage variables, functions are types that you can set a variables as. You can do so by setting the variable as the function's name, omitting the arguments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As mentioned in @subpage variables, functions are types that you can assign to a variable. You can do so by setting the variable to the function's name, omitting the arguments.
```

```java
var functionVariable = multiplyAndPrint;
```

> When storing a function inside a variable, the name of the function stored in it becomes the same as the variable's name.

Reviewer: This reads a little confusing

> When storing a function inside a variable, the name of the function stored in it becomes the same as the variable's name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When storing a function inside a variable, it can be called by using the variable's name.
```

```java
functionVariable(4, 8);
```

```
INFO: 32
```
### Optional arguments

> An **optional argument** is a function argument that has a default value that gets used if you don't specify one in the function call. You can declare an optional argument by using the `=` sign after the argument name, one can only be declared after the required arguments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An **optional argument** is a function argument that has a default value that gets used if you don't specify one in the function call. You can declare an optional argument by using the `=` sign after the argument name. Optional arguments can only be declared after the required arguments.
```

> An **optional argument** is a function argument with a default value that gets used in the case a value ins't specified in the function call. You can declare an optional argument by using the `=` sign after the argument name. Optional arguments can only be declared after the required arguments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An **optional argument** is a function argument with a default value that gets used in the case a value isn't specified in the function call. You can declare an optional argument by using the `=` sign after the argument name. Optional arguments can only be declared after the required arguments.
```

```java
event countToNumberInSteps(max, steps = 1) {
	repeat(max, count) {
		if (count % steps != 0) {
			continue;
		}
		print(count);
	}
}
```

Optional arguments can also be defined by using the `[]` syntax.

```java
// If we don't specify a default value, it'll default to NULL.
event countToNumberInSteps(max, [steps = 1]) {
	repeat(max, count) {
		if (count % steps != 0) {
			continue;
		}
		print(count);
	}
}
```

If we call this function without specifying the optional argument, it will default to counting in steps of 1 but we can also specify the step count to any arbitrary number we want.

```java
print("Without specifying a step.");
countToNumberInSteps(6);
print("When specifying a step.");
countToNumberInSteps(6, 2);
```

```
INFO: Without specifying a step.
INFO: 0
INFO: 1
INFO: 2
INFO: 3
INFO: 4
INFO: 5
INFO: When specifying a step.
INFO: 0
INFO: 2
INFO: 4
INFO: 6
```

### Return values

> Functions can optionally return any value at any point in its execution, you can specify a return value by using the `return` statement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Functions can optionally return any value at any point in its execution. You can specify a return value by using the `return` statement.
```
